${uncostedUnits} units counted with no purchase behind them. sparx values them at nothing; an opening balance in your books may not have
<p>A hands-on two-day cohort: leave with a live sparx site, a stocked catalog and your first checkout tested — no code, no jargon.</p>
A full-service sparx partner — we design, build and run content-and-commerce sites for growing businesses, then stay on as their team.
Author a sparx site page as a tree of nodes. Every node is { id?, type, name?, class?, props, binding?, children? }.
Bind the brand mark to the platform-owned site data via siteNavbar/siteFooter (sparx composites, bound to
Brings orders into sparx
Consigned or customer-owned stock in your building. sparx leaves it out of your value; if your books include it, this is the difference (measured today, not at the date above — ownership is not dated)
Either the platform has not approved sparx for them yet, or this account was connected before they were added — reconnecting the account will tell you which.
Expected a sparx palette object.
From first-time sellers to established wholesalers, teams ship faster on sparx.
Limit to the records sparx ships (builtin) or the ones this business invented.
List available silica blocks (native marketing/content patterns) and sparx composites (commerce/content
List on the sparx marketplace — we process payment and settle to you.
List the phone systems this business has connected and which number each calls from. Returns nothing when none is connected, which means calls cannot be placed from sparx — a person can still make them by hand and log them afterwards. Never returns any credential.
Not a sparx palette. Use the “Copy for sparx” button on the color palette tool.
Paste a sparx palette to import.
Publish posts from sparx
Route checkout through your own Stripe account — you keep the full Stripe relationship, payouts, and disputes, with no sparx markup. Installs the gateway; add your API keys in Finance → Payments to go live.
SEO, chrome, and collection-template targeting live on the sparx BuilderPage row, not the silica tree — set
Shop auto parts, industrial supplies, and equipment from independent sellers across the sparx network — fitment-aware, in stock, and ready to ship.
Sparx footer
Sparx navbar
Stock value in sparx
That isn’t valid JSON. Paste the full “Copy for sparx” output from the palette tool.
The kinds of stock file sparx knows how to read — a hand-kept spreadsheet, an item list from accounts software, a marketplace listing report, a till export, or a stock-take sheet sparx itself produced. Each says how to recognise it. Use it to pick the right recipe before previewing an import.
The sparx storefront editor in action
This account has a role on the sparx developer app, so Meta hands it every permission whether or not App Review approved them. Its permission list proves nothing — to test a review, connect an account with no role on the app.
This palette was made with a newer version of sparx. Update and try again.
What sparx says your stock is worth against your accounting inventory account, with every difference itemised.
You earned ${amountLabel} on sparx
You earned a commission on sparx
You have a new referral on sparx
Your sparx payout is on the way
block for anything generic; reach for a sparx composite only when the section needs real commerce/CMS data.
fill the slots and they are the tenant’s. For the FRAME prefer sparx.navbar / sparx.footer, which are these
grid/card, buy box, featured products, collection header, the sparx-branded navbar/footer). Prefer a native
sparx ${name}
sparx Managed Hosting
sparx Pay
sparx Pay is unavailable — the platform Stripe key is not configured.
sparx Pay webhook signature did not match any configured secret
sparx Shipping
sparx bans EYEBROWS (a small uppercase kicker label above a heading) — hierarchy is carried by scale/weight/
sparx commission (${commissionRateLabel})
sparx domain composites and when to use each, the data-binding model, the theme token model, and the SEO/
sparx is finishing its ${descriptor.name} app approval. Nothing for you to do — this will switch on by itself.
sparx is finishing its ${descriptor.name} partner approval. Nothing for you to do — this will switch on by itself.
sparx migration
sparx operations
sparx order ${ref}
sparx platform billing
sparx subdomain
sparx tenant ${params.tenantId}
sparx — manage your subscription
sparx_${Math.random().toString(36).slice(2, 18)}
sparxb2b.com → B2B
sparxcms.com → CMS
sparxcrm.com → CRM
sparxemail.com → Email
zsh — sparx
“sparx replaced four separate tools for us. We relaunched our store in a weekend and orders climbed 38% the first month.”
